This is another payload of 2048 bytes!
2048 is a game where you combine numbered tiles in order to gain a higher
numbered tile. In this game you start with two tiles, the lowest possible number
available is two. Then you will play by combining the tiles with the same number
to have a tile with the sum of the number on the two tiles. A lot of strategies
have been devised in order to obtain the 2048 and be a winner in this game.
But others have strived for a greater height. Which is a score beyond 2048.
After, achieving the tile with a 2048 tile, players will be asked if you still
want to continue the game. Some stop there, but others are determined to continue.

The game of 2048 does not include complicated controls. The controls you’ll be
using are just upward, downward, and sideways. The rules are also simple.
You just need to move the tiles and every time you move one, another tile pops
up in a random manner anywhere in the box. When two tiles with the same number
on them collide with one another as you move them, they will merge into one tile
with the sum of the numbers written on them initially.

This game is a good pastime. A lot of people play this game in their free time.
Some people play it to compete with their friends, while other people play 2048
as one of their hobbies.

There are a lot of applications from the playstore that offer the 2048 game.
Each application comes with its own variation of the game. Some make the space
bigger, the classic game comes with a 4x4 box, while other versions go with
5x5 or 8x8 boxes. Others make the game a lot different by making it circular
and some lets you play with multiple boxes. You can browse the internet for
different versions of 2048 in order to find the game of your choice.

Playing 2048

Here are some tips on how to play 2048 to achieve a higher score:

Start by pushing the tiles to one corner of the square. Placing tiles together
in one corner gives you a higher chance to move tiles with the same number
closer together. You can use one of the four |2048|
